good morning it's october 14
2020 and it's a wednesday
here in l.a very clear again
this morning and very still
66 degrees fahrenheit around
18 celsius this morning i
woke up thinking of strawberry fields
forever
this song came out
when i was living in philadelphia
pennsylvania
around 1967 i think it came out
and the beatles were so huge
the radio stations were playing this
song
around the clock
with penny lane over and over all day
long and strawberry fields
is considered a beatles masterpiece
should be going up to around 91 degrees
fahrenheit this afternoon
32 celsius and
once again right from the get-go
we're going to be enjoying beautiful
blue skies
and golden sunshine all along the way
everyone have a great day